docs/user: add sizing guide for sources (#21491)
MaterializeInc/materialize: doc/user/content/ingest-data/sizing.md

on top of sources efficient.

The _local state_ for Upsert and Debezium sources defaults to in-memory, but [Disk-attached replicas](/sql/create-cluster-replica/#disk-attached-replicas)
move that state onto an attached disk. See (TODO: link to https://github.com/MaterializeInc/materialize/pull/21438 when its merged) for details on how to
configure that feature for clusters.

### Steady-state
In the steady-state, upsert-like sources require enough space in their _local state_ to store the entire _working set_. The _working set_
is the set of all active keys and their current values.

#### Determining your steady-state size
The first step in creating a source cluster for 1 or more upsert-like sources is to estimate the sum total _working set_ size for all
sources. This estimate does not have to be perfect.

After determining this estimate, choose the smallest size from [Available sizes](#available-sizes) whose `total_memory_gib` is larger than
the estimate (use `total_disk_gib` if using disk-attached replicas). This is your `steady_state_size`.

### Hydration and starting your sources
{{< note >}}
The limitation discussed in this section may be removed in the future.
{{</ note >}}

> There is currently a limitation in Materialize where _hydration_ uses additional memory (even when using disk-attached replicas) then

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is currently a limitation in Materialize where _hydration_ uses additional memory (even when using disk-attached replicas) than
```

both _steady-state_ and _rehydration_.

#### Determining your hydration size
The amount of memory required to hydrate a source is _roughly_ equal to the total size of its Kafka topic. You can total this size for
ALL sources you are going to run on your source cluster, and compare it to `total_memory_gib` in [Available sizes](#available-sizes) to
determine your `hydration_size`, which may be larger than your `steady_state_size`.

After doing so, create your cluster:
```sql
CREATE CLUSTER src_cluster MANAGED, REPLICATION FACTOR = 1, SIZE = <hydration_size>
```

#### Starting hydration
You can then run all your `CREATE SOURCE .. IN CLUSTER src_cluster` statements to start the hydration process for all your sources.

#### Waiting for hydration

> There is currently not a good way of determining whether or not hydration is finished. You can run:

Reviewer: If they know the offset number, can they check the `_progress` table?

Reviewer 2: Yes. This is the better solution.

its currently not possible to easily determine whether or not _hydration_ is finished. You can wait for the memory usage of your cluster to reduce
and level-out using the guidance in [Inspecting resource utilization](#inspecting-resource-utilization).

{{< note >}}
In the future there may be additional system tables that simplify determining if hydration is finished.
{{</ note >}}

If you see OOM's happening, you may need to increase your `hydration_size`, and use:
```sql
ALTER CLUSTER src_cluster SET SIZE = <new_hydration_size>
```
or, wait for some sources to hydrate before `CREATE`-ing others.

### Shrinking and testing rehydration
After _hydration_ is finished, you may run:
```sql
ALTER CLUSTER src_cluster SET SIZE = <steady_state_size>
```

to shrink your cluster to its steady state size. This also ensures that your cluster can _rehydrate_ properly,
which typically uses more CPU and memory than _steady_state_ (even for disk-attached replicas). You can
use [Inspecting resource utilization](#inspecting-resource-utilization) to see the resource utilization of
_rehydration_, and use:
```sql
SELECT

>   bool_and(mss.rehydration_finished IS NOT NULL)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  bool_and(mss.rehydration_latency_ms IS NOT NULL)
```

{{< note >}}
If your `hydration_size` and `steady_state_size` are the same, we still recommend you test _rehydration_, by running the following:
```sql
ALTER CLUSTER src_cluster SET (REPLICATION FACTOR = 0);
ALTER CLUSTER src_cluster SET (REPLICATION FACTOR = 1);
```
{{</ note >}}

### Inspecting your working set
You can run:
```sql
SELECT
  SUM(mss.envelope_state_count) ingested_working_set_total_keys
  SUM(mss.envelope_state_bytes) / 1024 / 1024 / 1024 as ingested_working_set_gib
FROM mz_internal.mz_source_statistics mss
  JOIN mz_sources s ON s.id = mss.id
  JOIN mz_clusters c ON c.id = s.cluster_id
WHERE c.name = '<your cluster name>';
```

to determine the total number of keys and size of the _working sets_ of your upsert-like sources. If you want it broken
out by source, run this instead:
```sql
SELECT
  s.id,
  s.name,
  SUM(mss.envelope_state_count) ingested_working_set_total_keys
  SUM(mss.envelope_state_bytes) / 1024 / 1024 / 1024 as ingested_working_set_gib
FROM mz_internal.mz_source_statistics mss
  JOIN mz_sources s ON s.id = mss.id
  JOIN mz_clusters c ON c.id = s.cluster_id
WHERE c.name = '<your cluster name>'
GROUP BY s.id, s.name;
```

## Append-only sources

> Postgres sources and non-Upsert/Debezium Kafka sources are _append-only_, which means they _rehydrate_ effectively immediately.

Reviewer: Would it be better to say that there's no rehydration since there's no state to keep? Because the `rehydration_latency_ms` is not going to be populated for these.
